中国高校之窗

**代表性论文 **

1\. Hu GB, Zhang SF, Yang X, Liu DH, Liu QM, Zhang SC. Cloning and expression
analysis of a Toll-like receptor 22 (TLR22) gene from turbot, Scophthalmus
maximus. Fish &amp; Shellfish Immunology, 2015, 44(2):399-409.

2\. Hu GB, Li XP, Liu DH, Liu QM, Zhang SC. A Toll-like receptor 3 homolog
that is up-regulated by poly I:C and DNA virus in turbot, Scophthalmus
maximus. Journal of Fish Biology, 2015, 86(2): 431-447.

3\. Hu GB, Zhao MY, Lin JY, Liu QM, Zhang SC. Molecular cloning and
characterization of interferon regulatory factor 9 (IRF9) in Japanese
flounder, Paralichthys olivaceus. Fish &amp; Shellfish Immunology, 2014,
39(2):138-144.

4\. Hu GB, Chen XL, Gong QL, Liu QM, Zhang SC, Dong XZ. Structural and
expression studies of interferon regulatory factor8 inJapanese flounder,
Paralichthys olivaceus. Fish &amp; Shellfish Immunology. 2013,
35(3):1016-1024.

5\. Hu GB, Lou HM, Dong XZ, Liu QM, Zhang SC. Characteristics of the
interferon regulatory factor 5 (IRF5) and its expression in response to LCDV
and poly I:C challenges in Japanese ﬂounder, Paralichthys olivaceus.
Developmental and Comparative Immunology, 2012, 38(2):377-382.

6\. Hu GB, Xia J, Lou HM, Chen XL, Li J, Liu QM. An IRF-3 homolog that is up-
regulated by DNA virus and poly I:C in turbot, Scophthalmus maximus. Fish
&amp; Shellfish Immunology, 2011, 31(6):1224-1231.

7\. Hu GB, Xia J, Lou HM, Liu QM, Lin JY, Yin XY, Dong XZ. Cloning and
expression analysis of interferon regulatory factor 7 (IRF-7) in turbot,
Scophthalmus maximus. Developmental and Comparative Immunology, 2011,
35(4):416-420.

8\. Hu GB, Yin XY, Lou HM, Xia J, Dong XZ, Zhang JY, Liu QM. Interferon
regulatory factor 3 (IRF-3) in Japanese flounder, Paralichthys olivaceus:
Sequencing, limited tissue distribution, inducible expression and induction of
fish type Ⅰ interferon promoter. Developmental and Comparative Immunology,
2011, 35(2):164-173.

9\. Hu GB, Kusakabe M, Takei Y. Localization of diversified relaxin gene
transcripts in the brain of eels. General and Comparative Endocrinology, 2011,
172(3):430-439.

10\. Hu GB, Yin XY, Xia J, Dong XZ, Zhang JY, Liu QM. Molecular cloning and
characterization of interferon regulatory factor 7 (IRF-7) in Japanese
flounder, Paralichthys olivaceus. Fish &amp; Shellfish Immunology, 2010,
29(6):963-971.

11\. Hu GB, Wang D, Chen JX. Retroviral delivery of SV40 T gene into primary
cultured ovary cells of the penaeid shrimp, Penaeus chinensis: Indirect
evidence of retroviral integration. Journal of the World Aquaculture Society,
2010, 41(1):137-143.

12\. Hu GB, Wang D, Wang CH, Yang KF. A novel immortalization vector for the
establishment of penaeid shrimp cell lines. In Vitro Cellular &amp;
Developmental Biology – Animal, 2008, 44(3-4):51-56.

13\. Hu GB, Fan TJ, Mei XG. Identification of a cDNA clone specific for the
taxol synthesis phase of taxus chinensis cells by mRNA differential display.
Natural Product Research, 2004, 18(4):365-371.

14\. Hu GB, Cong RS, Fan TJ, Mei XG. Induction of apoptosis in flounder gill
cell line by lymphocystis disease virus infection. Journal of Fish Diseases,
2004, 27(6):657-662.

15\. Hu GB, Mei XG, Xong QB, Zhou AW, Gong W. Differential display reveals a
cDNA coding for an acyltransferase-like protein specific to taxol synthesis in
Taxus chinensis. Plant Molecular Biology Reporter, 2002, 20(2):131-140.

**毕业生成果及荣誉 **

所培养的硕士研究生发表第一作者SCI论文5人篇，获得山东省优秀科技创新成果奖1人次、国家奖学金1人次、山东省“优秀毕业生”称号1人次、中国海洋大学“优秀毕业生”1人次、中国海洋大学优秀学位论文奖1人次，中国海洋大学“优秀研究生”4人次。所指导的本科生获得中国海洋大学优秀毕业论文1人次、中国海洋大学本科生研究发展计划（SRDP）结题优秀项目1项。

中国高校之窗

